We affirm that the terms and conditions of usage as set forth herein has been read and understood and here by represent, acknowledge and agree to be bound by specific provision below:

Booking and Payment: Booking is said to have been only when backed with full payment of the estimated rental cost Otherwise no agreement will be made neither will access to the venue be granted to the Renter and/or his/her agents.
Rental Period: Rental period covers only 7-hours commencing from the time the generator is powered. If it must be extended, it has to be expressly agreed in writing and an amount will be deducted from the cautionary fee that is been deposited. Extra hour attract extra charge of N15, 000.
Payments: Payment for the hall can be made by transfer to designated accounts provided by House Beladio Events Place:

Use of Venue: Renters shall be responsible for obeying and complying with all rules, regulations and requirements of any governmental body or agency regulating renters’ use of venue.

Renters
1. Creation or maintenance of public nuisance.
shall not use or permit the facilities or any part thereof to be used for:
2. Purpose other than the one specified in the application form.
3. There can be no sale of any goods, items or services except where specified.
4. All event vendors must clear their equipment, utensils and other tools immediately after the event
5. No washing of plates and cups inside the hall or except at designated area.
6. No branding banner, decor or any other materials shall be affixed to floors, walls, ceiling without prior approval is given. Only painters tape can be used. No staples tacks or nails should be used.

Vendors Regulations
ALL VENDORS MUST PAY REFUNDABLE DEPOSIT BEFORE SETTIG UP AT THE VENUE IN WHICH THEY WILL BE GETTING BACK AT THE END OF THE EVENT AFTER TIDING UP THE AREAS ALLOCATED TO THEM.

Liability: The renter assumes all risk for the scheduled events and shall be solely responsible and answerable for all damages, accident and injuries.

A cautionary fee of One Hundred Thousand Naira (N50, 000) is deposited prior to the event and is refunded after the event when it is certain that no damage has been done during the event.

This agreement is not transferable. The right of use hereby granted to the renter shall continue only so long as renter shall comply strictly and promptly with all the terms and conditions, undertakings, provisions and agreement herein contained.

Rights and Priority of Use: Rentals can be pre-empted in the event of a declared need of emergency.